Alright, let's develop some smoke vocabulary. 

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/MI2AYXEVyc8" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Whiskey Bob is traveling to

JW Black, Nose: Some sweetness, generic alcohol, generic sweetness. Very pleasant sweet finish. 

https://www.johnniewalker.com/en-us/our-whisky/johnnie-walker-labels/black-label/

Johnnie Walker Black Label is rich, complex and incredibly well-balanced, full of dark fruits, sweet vanilla and signature smokiness.

Blended exclusively from whiskies matured for at least 12 years, it brings together flavors from the four corners of Scotland to create an experience that is complex, deep and rewarding. Johnnie Walker Black Label rolls decadently over the tongue, releasing intense sweet vanillas that give way to orange zest and aromas of spice and raisins. The finish is unbelievably smooth and layered with rich smoke, peat and malt.

Mouth feel - a bit light, want something a bit heavier.

Nice sweetness and vanilla and oakiness when chewing. Swallowing reveals more fruit like flavors. Long finish. There's a warmth there but I don't get a lot of smokiness. But it's very pleasant. Light vanilla & wood & sweetness. Very pleasant.

I was honestly looking forward to crapping on this whisky but it's really quite lovely. I'd prefer something with a bit more body and a bit more depth of flavor but this tastes quite nice. It's quite sippable. 

Spiciness and sweetness on the nose. I don't know if I've just been living in Islay too long but I'm not getting much smoke out of this at all. It's giving me much more of a Speyside profile.

I finally start detecting some smoke a few sips in now that I'm looking for it... there's definitely some peat there but much more subdued than the ArdLaphLas of the world. I read somewhere that there's some more Caol Ila in here. I really need to try the Caol Ila on its own to start detecting its profile.

There it is now... a light peat smoke on the back end but it's almost hidden compared to the vanilla/sweet woody notes. mmm... this is good stuff. I feel like I should be shitting on this but I can't.

There's almost too much sweetness on the back end here. Next sniff adn I get waaaayyy more sweetness



A (90-100): I taste colors
B (80-89): Hit your marks, find your light and don't be a diva
C (70-79): Some good stuff, some bad stuff
D (60-69): More bad than good
F (0-59): The horror, the horror
